**_The Computer Graphics Central sees modern computer graphics and adjacent
computer science fields as an opportunity to transform our digital society._**

The Computer Graphics Central (CGC) was founded in 2019 out of an interest in
forming an academic group of like-minded computer graphics students and
researchers. CGC's mission is to research and educate about computer graphics
and related subjects—including artificial intelligence, math, and human-computer
interaction—through freely accessible educational materials and research papers,
inspiring the public to the wonders of computer graphics and new technologies.

The potential of computer graphics is expanding exponentially along with the
rise in public popularity of artificial intelligence in the past decade.
Computer graphics scientists are no longer bounded by shading methods and
physically-based rendering, but are now increasingly combining their discipline
with AI, using new technologies to tell stories in AR, discover novel visual
artistry, and creatively present and transform broadcasted images in real time.

Along with human-computer interaction (HCI), this already-vast combination of
computer graphics and AI becomes a fully creative, endless enterprise of its
own. A mouse and a small screen are a common way most of us interact with
computers right now, but soon, humans will enjoy popular commercial interaction
with computers via virtual reality, robots, physical movement detection, and
speech. When computer graphics can be interacted with through these means, a new
era of art and entertainment begins, transforming the landscape of society
completely, and creating endless possibilities for future creative minds
especially as AI is increasingly automating mundane tasks.

To open the door to this exciting new era, we need a computer graphics central
where computer graphics scientists, artificial intelligence researchers,
mechanical engineers, cognitive scientists, interaction designers, visual
artists, programmers, digital media designers, and other creatives have the
passion, freedom, motivation, and a sense of belonging to build the technologies
that in turn foster our society into what we envision it to be.

The Computer Graphics Central is fueled by a passion for computer science, a
love for sharing human knowledge, and a bold vision for the future run by new
tech. What we do is twofold:

1. To research in computer graphics and complementary fields for the advancement
of the frontiers; and...
2. To inspire the public to the wonders of computer science and digital art, by
   making our work—including research papers, educational materials, and
   projects—freely accessible on the Internet.

A new era where everyone enjoys cutting-edge computer graphics technology. An
exciting future of endless possibilities for creative minds. A society of
passionate scientists, artists, and autodidactic learners.

**This is the Computer Graphics Central.**
